Jesus, Dale. It's a murder,
I know. You don't have to
There was a great deal on nuts.
I'm doing Pellit, you're gonna do Harken,
- Copy that.
Thank you, Kimmy.
See you next time.
- Thank you, Bill.
- Hey.
- What do you know about Julia?
...because this woman
- How's it going over there?
Just... I'm waiting for, you know,
Wonder what, uh,
And we'll have to work at this every day,
I want all of you forever, you and me,
Jesus. Where does this guy
- Yeah, Dale?
Look, I know
...I don't think
I know. I've been thinking
- Yeah, let's just call it off.
- What?
I don't know. He's walking
- You think he's onto us?
Jesus Christ. Jesus Christ,
Holy shit. Pellit opened up the door,
...he fell down, he shot him again
He shot him? Wait, what's going on?
Nick? Say something.
Nick! Nick, Nick, talk to me.
- How's Pellit doing?
I gotta get out of here before somebody
I might throw up a couple times in the toilet
"Calm"?
- I know. A guy you were gonna kill anyway.
- What?
I freaked out and panicked,
Are you kidding?
You think when it came down to it,
I don't know. Maybe you're right.
- "Now"?
- Did you sleep with her?
Tell me you didn't sleep with her.
But this time it wasn't my fault,
You will be a suspect
At first I was surveilling her,
- She's incredibly hot, by the way. So hot.
Next thing,
- Like she knew I was watching.
Slowly, seductively,
- Next she makes herself a little snack.
- Then a banana.
- And finally, a hot dog. I mean, come on.
Three penis-shaped foods,
Eating them in that weird order?
Fine. So you took the penis foods
No, no. God, no. I took her invitation
She lured me in. It was
Something clinically wrong with you.
Come on. That's not nice, okay?
Can we move on?
All right, okay. Let me think. Okay,
We call the cops
Harken's in jail, Pellit's in hell,
...and all three of us
It could work. An anonymous tip,
Gotta be from a pay phone, though,
- Exactly.
All right. Where do you even
Oh, yeah, I guess that's a good point.
- What is this?
What?
- Are you the owner of this vehicle?
We got an APB on a gray Toyota Prius,
- How come?
- Did I talk to you?
A traffic cam caught this car
- Would you know anything about that?
- Have you been drinking?
- This guy and the mouth in the back.
I'm gonna need you
I cannot believe I let you talk me into
Are you kidding me?
- Being hypothetical?
Do you wanna explain
- I'm a drag racer.
Hour later we find the car. You happened to
- A registered sex offender.
And this guy. Who happens to be working
Oh, wow. What were you doing at his
I was making love.
- Detectives...
If one of us knew, you know,
...and he was willing to
...he would be entitled
No. He would be entitled
If he knew who the shooter was
Glad none of us
Listen, if you think we're gonna believe
Okay, wait. By saying
...you're implying that
...which would only be the case if we
No. We just brought you in
...constituting probable cause
Well, uh, then, pursuant to
...I believe we are free to go.
We gotta get back to your car.
We get a cab? Take the train?
- You ever been on a subway in this town?
Law & Order, okay? You can
- We showed them, huh?
There was a few conversations about ratting
That's for you, hotshot.
You boys don't get
Our forensics team is sweeping the Pellit
And I'll tell you something.
Why would you put his whole bathroom
- I didn't I know I had DNA in my butt.
You just like shoving shit in your ass,
I don't have money for a lawyer. I bought
...then I gave the rest of my motherfucking
- He's covered us this far, right? Five grand?
- Shut up about that!
- Hello, Motherfucker.
Whatever happened to
One of our intended victims
- Shut the fuck up.
Thank you, but we had nothing to do
Kurt's DNA's all over the apartment because
That's not the point.
I got you. First thing first,
- I need $5000.
- Two thousand?
- Pay for his drink.
The guy that killed the other guy,
Get him to confess to the murder
That how they got you
- I ain't never murder nobody.
Wait, no. You said you did a dime
It was some nasty shit,
- You implied it.
You guys ever see the movie
- Never seen that.
What happened was is that I took a video
They was waiting right outside the exit.
- You did 10 years for video piracy?
- They take that shit so serious, man.
...from some guy whose biggest crime
- So you do know the movie.
Everyone knows the movie. That's not
Hang on a second, something doesn't
So you just call yourself a video pirate,
Why do you carry a gun on you,
- A gun?
- I don't wanna see it.
- It's a Sidekick. I'm gonna be in the car.
You grab at it like a gun and you confuse
- Let's go.
Look, you don't go into a bar and
It was never a black-white thing.
Yeah, it does. Okay, tape recorder's ready
It was a pretty big investment so I should
- No way. No, I'll do it.
You'll have to duct-tape that
I can't tape this to my chest.
Just put it in your pocket.
So, what do we do? Wait for him to come
One of us gets in the chair, spins around
- I'm in the chair.
- Why are you in the chair?
Maybe we should get three chairs
That's not intimidating,
Okay. It's a false alarm.
You're the young man who helped Dave
- That's him.
- How is he?
- Did I invite you?
- These are my plus-twos.
Oh, we should hide.
Someone get the lights.
I'm Kurt, by the way. I didn't
- Oh, hey, Rhonda. Hi. Hi.
Nick didn't tell me
- So you were surprised?
I think we got him. Ha, ha.
He's gone off on his own.
- You guys ready?
Stay close, okay?
What are you doing here?
- We know what you did.
So, what is this, then?
...because you saw me
Pellit? Trust me, Pellit's name
Yeah, that's right.
Hold that thought,
I walked right up to his door, I put
Then you know what? You know
So if you think
...who won't do exactly the same thing
Know who thinks you're a pussy?
You walk into my house on
- And...?
I didn't know it was your birthday.
- What do you got?
- I'll get the car.
We had him, we had the whole goddamn
Hey!
My, uh, stomach was bothering me.
He confessed everything,
Kurt, what happened there?
...she was giving me a tour
- Ow! What are you...?
Knock it off.
She's just very hot. And I'm weak.
- Back it up, back it up.
- They found my DNA.
Go backwards. Go backwards.
- You are obsessed with your asshole!
Shut it down. Let's start talking about
- The current situation won't work.
Damn right.
I can't live in Mexico.
- You'd rather be in jail the rest of your life?
I'm getting a call. I gotta get this.
Uh, look, Julia,
- Hey, I'm not here.
I actually meant to
- No, don't do that. Wait. Wait.
We gotta buy coats and sweaters
I'm sort of tired of you
I'm not toying with you. I'm gonna
Wait, wait, wait.
- I'm gonna have sex with you.
Details? I'm in a car with people.
- I don't care if it's not a great time.
I'm gonna make you feel good.
With my fingers and my tongue
All right, I'm gonna put my penis
- What the fuck?
- Oh, my God!
Hey, are you gonna slap me in the face
Yes, I'll slap you in the face
- This guy's fucking crazy.
- Don't get in a wreck.
...and I'll rub my naked butt
...and we're both really chafed up
Not good. Get us out of here!
- Come on.
- What else?
...jam my skull
And I'll dance on your boobies,
Nice job fucking the crazy
Maybe I should have been
Good evening, Mr. Buckman.
Our onboard sensors
That's because
I will alert the authorities
Don't call the cops.
No, Gregory, they think we murdered
What's going on?
Whoa. Oh, no, no, no. I didn't do that.
I remotely disabled your engine.
...whenever a driver
I pay 19 bucks a month
Remain with your vehicle.
Gregory, I thought you were
Get out of the car, all of you.
- Remember I saved your life that one time?
Just take it easy with that...
Which means I can shoot all of you
...if I really wanted to,
You're not gonna shoot us twice
I got a better idea. I'm gonna tell
And when I found out,
- That's crazy.
Because I don't see one shred
And besides, I'm the guy
- Catch!
- Goddamn it, Dale.
You can't win a marathon without
- What does that mean?
- Everybody freeze!
Thank God.
- That's not true!
I found out they murdered someone.
Please protect me from them.
All right, take it easy.
Hey, what is this?
- A tape recorder. Did you turn that off?
- So listen to us, officer.
Listen to us for one second.
...and he was gonna shoot us once
- You are insane.
No, no. Of course not, no.
...jam my skull
I'll dance on your boobies,
Don't judge. I have a thing with my boss.
- Shit!
Thing must have stopped
Before this guy
I told you, these guys are liars.
- He shot himself.
- Cuff them.
- You don't need to cuff us.
I should mention
...to record all conversations
- Who the hell's that?
- His name is Almonan.
Atmanad.
- Atmanad is what it was!
- Play it just after the crash.
You're not gonna listen to this.
Which means I can shoot all of you
...if I really wanted to,
- That's it.
That is not proof. That's just a car.
Looks like I'm getting that promotion
To answer your question,
- You fucked my wife?
- Good Will Hunting.
- That's so great.
Good Will Hunting rip. Instead of
- Felt like a moment.
So in the end,
Actually, we did later that night
...they ultimately agreed
...there's no laws on the books against
Anyway,
...on all fours in prison for 25 to life,
It's a great job, I got a solid raise
- Morning.
- I am.
- You too, Mr. Sherman.
I appreciate the opportunity
From what I hear, people say
Mr. Sherman,
- You hear that?
Sounds like there's someone
Why don't we let this
Meanwhile, the Pellit family put the most
...which wasn't Kurt.
Because he realized that when you're
- Hey, Kurt. Come in.
If there's anything I can do to help out
- What baby?
- I'm not pregnant.
I was thinking perhaps
Ultimately, he decided his only choice
- You like that, Dale?
Oh, gosh, do I wish
I'm so sorry, but I couldn't keep it
- She was talking to your penis!
Julia, this is my good friend,
- Give me some of that.
Now, Kenny here, he'll do
- Yeah, it's true.
But that's why I asked him
Really? Is this all you've got?
Say hi to my cameraman.
Julia, shut the fuck up for a second,
I'm going to take a very nice, very expensive
Let's call it a honeymoon, all right?
Then I'm going to return
Because if you so much as look
How's the hair? Is it good, is it great?
I had no idea that you called
This place is awful. It's like
- You're good? He's good.
Or else little Stacy here's
Have you ever in your life
Now I'm sneezing dust bunnies.
Is that my brain?
I want a lollipop.
Do you have MDMA?
What is your projected outside date
- Oh, hi! Hi! Hello.
Wouldn't mind bending her over a barrel
- It's a phrase.
Yeah, it is. It certainly is.
- Really?
Beautiful.